docs: add description for translators (#17)
slidevjs/docs: TRANSLATIONS.md

# Help on Translating

<!-- For translations maintainers: You don't need to translate this port -->

First of all, thank you for being interested in contributing to translations!

> You can find the repositories for each existing translation above. To help improve them, simply sending a Pull Request to their repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the repositories for each existing translation in [README.md](./README.md). To help improve them, simply sending a Pull Request to their repo.
```

Author: Good catch! 😅

### guide/
- [ ] `animations.md` - Animations and transitions
- [ ] `editors.md` - Editor integrations
- [ ] `exporting.md`- Exporting your slides
- [ ] `faq.md` - Frequent Answered Questions
- [ ] `index.md` - Getting started with Slidev
- [ ] `navigation.md` - Navigation across slides
- [ ] `presenter-mode.md`- Toggling presenter mode
- [ ] `recording.md`- Recording your presentation
- [ ] `syntax.md` - Markdown syntax
- [ ] `why.md` - _Why Slidev?_
### resources/
- [ ] `covers.md` - Curated covers for Slidev
### themes/
- [ ] `gallery.md` - Theme gallery
- [ ] `use.md` - How to use Slidev themes
- [ ] `write-a-theme.md` - Write your own theme
## Publishing your translations
- [ ] When you finish the translation (at least 90%), `@antfu` in the Discord and we will invite you to the org and make the translation official.
- [ ] Once the transferring is done, we will set up the subdomain, auto-deployment, and a daily sync-up bot to keep the translation up-to-date with the latest English docs.
- [ ] The site is live, and we will send a shout-out tweet on [our Twitter account](https://twitter.com/Slidevjs).
## Maintaining the translations up-to-date

> - `docschina-bot` will periodically submit merge requests from the `slidev/docs` repository. Switch to the branch created in the pull request, make any changes necessary and merge it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `docschina-bot` will periodically submit merge requests from the `slidev/docs` repository. Switch to the branch created in the pull request, make any changes necessary and merge it. [example](https://github.com/slidevjs/docs-fr/pull/13).
```
